## [My_final_thoughts](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnusAnnus/comments/jrj7jg/my_final_thoughts/)
I need unus annus, in only 6 months it’s becoming such an integral part of my daily routine. I’ve been in denial that it’s actually going away but it’s just coming back to punch me in the face now. I’ve always had a hard time letting go of things, ever since I was a child. Just the idea that one day after the channel dies, the channel will die from my memory as well. That only digs the deeper whole of all the things you forget in life, and the true inevitability of death, how one day everything ends no matter how long you try to hold on. It’s never been easy for me to let go, and I don’t think it ever will be. I feel so empty without it, and it’s not even gone yet. I don’t know what I’ll watch to fill my time, will any content ever truly entertain me again? One single edit with sad music and the clock ticking over it sent me into a 2-hour long breakdown that I can’t drag myself out of. The stream will destroy me. I can only compare this experience to one thing, my last year of summer camp. I can never get that back, I can never be young again and feel all those feelings again. I can ever go back there because I’m too old for it now, because I ran out of time. I was inconsolable for days, my mother tried everything, all I could do was lay on the couch and sob. And that’s all I can do now, at 6:05 am on a Tuesday before school laying on my side in my pitch black room crying my eyes out over a fucking YouTube channel. Why can’t I just let go, remember the good, the bad, and the ugly and let it go? It’s never been easy for me to move on, and I think in the end it’s my own futile attempts to prolong things that make them more painful. I started worrying subconsciously at day 17, now it’s day 3 and I’m in full desperate begging mode. I don’t know anyone or talk to anyone else who watches the channel, so the biggest fear is loosing the memories in my own head, having no one to talk to them about and eventually forgetting. I wish I did, wish I tried to make more friends in the fanbase while I still could. I’m just hoping, that maybe some years down the line I’ll be wearing my unus annus hoodie and someone will recognize it, and I’ll have someone to talk to. 
I wish you all the best, memento mori everyone <3

---

submitted to [r/UnusAnnus](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnusAnnus) by [u/GodsHydroflask](https://www.reddit.com/user/GodsHydroflask)
