## [My_Saddest_Moment__I_found_out_my_dog_was_dying_the_day_before_my_birthday__Then____something_else](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnusAnnus/comments/jrweb7/my_saddest_moment_i_found_out_my_dog_was_dying/)
This is such a hard thing to type.
Growing up I was bullied and abused. I really didn't have any friends, but the one thing I did have was my dog Minnie. She was my best friend. Every morning I would wake up with her sleeping outside my door and I would get the best puppy kisses and loves for the first 5 mins of my day when I would see her. (My parents didn't let her sleep in my room). I would then get ready and go to school. I went about my day and then would come home and the first thing I would hear is my dogs excitement and a "ROOO ROOOOOOO" from her. Then I would go up stairs and set my stuff down as fast as I could so I could hug her and get kisses. She always kissed my nose and only my nose. Fast forward to the summer before my second year of college. I was so excited to be on my own but I knew I would miss Minnie so much. I came and visited every weekend (which was a 3 hour trip to and 3 hours back). I had an alright 2nd year of college but then decided to transfer to a new college. In that summer I decided to just come home and spend time with Minnie because she was 12 and I knew she was getting old. It was June 3rd when I decided to take her to the vet because she had still been acting weird. I had mentioned to my mom and step dad that they should take her to the vet... but something was definitely wrong. So it was just me who took her and they got a blood draw and came back with the news... Her kidneys were failing. Which I had heard dogs could come back from and that it wasn't necessarily a death certificate, but... this time... she was in stage 5 kidney failure. I had asked the front desk while I was waiting when the lise time my dog had been in to see the vet and it was last December when I had taken her. The doctor had had my dog as one of her first patients and was crying when she told me the news. We tried to give her a diet just in case there was some miracle, but nothing helped. So 6 days after my birthday... we decided in order to put her out of her misery we needed to put her down. I was heart broken. We wrapped her up in her favorite blanket and went in. I held her as tight as I could and the doctor who was sobbing asked if I was ready "my mom said yes" I told her that I loved her so much. She gave me one last kiss on the nose and then she was limp. I screamed in pain my heart hurt more than it had ever hurt before. I couldn't control myself I was screaming and crying. As we were walking out someone's dog ran up to me to comfort me and the lady said "you need to be quiet there are other people here". I was screaming but the only thing I could utter was "fuck you" as the front desk lady told her that I had just put my dog down. I couldn't stand up. My heart was in so much pain. My mom lifted me and brought me to her car. I couldn't see. I couldn't breathe. I got home and went downstairs. I was so angry and sad. I blamed my parents because this was all preventable had they just taken her into the vet when I said and not lied to me and told me they did. I was cuddling her stuffed animal. My mom took some note cards and got nose prints and paw prints from her. That  night I was just sobbing in pain. I slept on the couch in the living room in the basement because I couldn't sleep in my room knowing I wasn't going to wake up to my morning cuddles and kisses. Animals strangely kept coming up to the window. I think they knew I was in pain. I laid on the couch for a month I could not move on my own. My step dad fed me and carried me to the bathroom. I had to go to school though because it was coming up and I needed an apartment. I left for school. The first week I was on my own again I slept on my couch and had a dream. I dreamt that the doctor came back with Minnie and had said she revived her and wanted me to take her back. That she wasn't really dead. And my dog in my dream ran around my back yard once again. I woke up in so much pain again. The dream was too real not to be true.... this was in 2016 and every once in a while I still dream about Minnie I dream about everything I could have done better for her. I dream about how I could have saved her. Exactly a year after I got the bad news I went to a shelter to spend time with animals because my heart was broken. I found one little kitten that was just infatuated with me. She screamed every time I left the shelter. I couldn't visit the dogs because of what had happened with Minnie. But I always visited the cats. This fluffy little kitten though with a whit striped nose and brown stripes on her nose that almost looked like suspenders holding up her cute tan nose, would scream if I wasn't with her. Thats when I new I had to take her home with me. Its been 3 years since then and I still have garnet. I took her for her routine check up at 1 year and they noticed something... they sent her in for a heart ultrasound... she was born with cardiomyopathy... meaning she might only live to age 4 at the most. She's doing well now but she is in stage 1 heart failure. I was never a cat person until I met her. She also has a silly brother named jasper who I also met at a shelter after I found out garnet was in heart failure. I knew she needed a playmate for when I had to work and so if she passed she wouldn't be alone.

---

submitted to [r/UnusAnnus](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnusAnnus) by [u/jayneadoe](https://www.reddit.com/user/jayneadoe)
